=== 0.6.2 / 2012-05-24
* Bug Fixes:
  * Fixed a possible namespace collision bug with the FFI library. [Akzhan]

=== 0.6.1 / 2012-05-18
* Bug Fixes:
  * Widened the library naming schemes that RubyPython will search for the Python library. [Akzhan]
  * Better handling of 64-bit systems which also have 32-bit libraries. [Akzhan]

=== 0.6 / 2012-04-17
* Major Enhancements:
  * Previous versions of RubyPython theoretically allowed the loading of
    different Python interpreters during a single Ruby session. Because of the
    likelihood of crashes, this functionality has been removed. Now, if you
    attempt to start RubyPython more than once while specifying different
    Python interpreters, RubyPython will print a warning and continue working
    with the already loaded interpreter.
  * The Python interpreter DLL will only be loaded once. It is configured with
    a self-removing method, Interpreter#infect! instead of require/load reload
    hacks.
  * Removed RubyPython.configure; since the interpreter can only be configured
    once, independent configuration no longer makes sense.
* Minor Enhancements:
  * RubyPython interpreter initialization is done with a Mutex synchronization
    to ensure that only one Python interpreter DLL is loaded.
  * Added RubyPython::Tuple, a simple subclass of ::Array that will correctly
    be converted to a Python tuple object such that isinstance(x, tuple)
    returns True.
  * Renamed RubyPython::PythonExec to RubyPython::Interpreter. Added some
    helper methods to assist with comparison. Construction is with an options
    hash.
  * The #update methods on Python interpreter observers are now private. This
    is an implementation detail, not a public interface. (The methods have also
    been renamed to #python_interpreter_update.)
* Deprecation:
  * RubyPython's legacy mode (automatic unboxing of Python proxy objects where
    possible) has been deprecated and will be removed in the next non-bugfix
    release after this version. Introduced a new private method
    (RubyPython.legacy_mode?) to check if legacy mode is turned on so that the
    deprecation warning is not printed in all uses of RubyPython.

=== 0.5.3 / 2011-10-22
* Bug Fixes:
  * Improved 64-bit Python detection on Unixes with Linux-like semantics (e.g.,
    .../lib64). Resolves issue #7 on bitbucket.

=== 0.5.2 / 2011-10-21
* Minor Enhancements:
  * The traceback for Python exceptions is now returned usefully. [raineszm]
* Bug Fixes:
  * Improved the robustness of Windows DLL detection. Based on work by
    bendoerr, raineszm, and halostatue.

=== 0.5.1 / 2011-03-17
* Major Enhancements:
  * Procs and methods can be passed to Python. [raineszm]
  * Python to Ruby inheritance: A Ruby class can inherit from a Python class
    (EXPERIMENTAL). [steeve]
  * The Python library can now be reloaded (EXPERIMENTAL). There is a good
    chance of a segfault if this is used with a native extension. [raineszm]
  * Python functions and methods can be called with a terminal exclamation
    point to enable keyword argument processing in Python (EXPERIMENTAL). [tmm1]
* Minor Enhancements:
  * Improved Python generator support. [steeve]
  * PythonError now inherits from RuntimeError. [halostatue]
  * Added a Py_REFCNT macro for debugging reference counting. [tmm1]
* Changes:
  * Moved to RSpec2. [halostatue]
  * Moved Rakefile to hoe; added autotest. [halostatue]
* Bug Fixes:
  * Fixed a reference counting bug that could crash the Python VM. [steeve]
  * Fixed a memory leak/reference counting bug related to method invocation
    (when turning the argument list into a tuple, PyList_SetItem steals
    references). Depends on FFI 1.0.7 (or higher) with modifications to
    aggressively free temporary Python objects created. [tmm1]
  * Restored Ruby 1.8.7 compatibility where possible. [halostatue]
  * Fixed FFI loader to be more robust and do more through FFI. [halostatue]
  * Fixed documentation errors. [halostatue]
* Project Management:
  * Rupy has been merged back into RubyPython.
  * Made the project website on RubyForge generatable from the readme and a
    template. Adopted the 960 grid system and modern CSS techniques.
  * Added a contributors document.

=== 0.4.1 / / 2011-01-10
* Rupy was created as an active fork of Zach Raines's RubyPython and released
  indepdently.
* Major Enhancements:
  * Python/Ruby callbacks [steeve]
  * Virtualenv support [steeve]
  * Python-style generators with Ruby (generators only work on Ruby 1.9).
    [steeve]

=== 0.3.2 / 2011-02-02
* Major Enhancements
  * Allow procs and methods to be passed to Ruby.
  * Allow configuration of the loaded Python library.

=== 0.3.1 / 2011-01-19
* Compatability Updates
  * Cleanup of code which finds Python library thanks to Austin Ziegler.

=== 0.3.0 / 2010-09-06
* Major Enhancements
  * Version 0.3.0 represents an almost complete rewrite of the RubyPython
    codebase.
  * A native C extension is no longer required. RubyPython uses the 'ffi' gem.
  * RubyPython by default now returns proxy instances for all Ruby objects. See
    the documentation for more information.
* Compatibility Updates
  * Version 0.3.0 was created with the goal of being compatible with as many
    Ruby versions as possible. It should at the very least run on MRI 1.8.6 -
    1.9.1.
  * A legacy mode option has been added to provide partial compatibility with
    version 0.2.x.

=== 0.2.11 / 2010-07-12
* Bug Fixes
  * Fixed some issues with building the extension under ruby 1.9. Should now be
    truly 1.9 compatible.

=== 0.2.10 / 2010-07-08
* Bug Fixes
  * Made some changes to how the native extension is configured and build.

=== 0.2.9 / 2009-10-19
* Minor Enhancements
  * Updated the C code to make it cleaner, more readable, and more
    maintainable.

=== 0.2.8 / 2009-10-05
* Bug Fixes
  * Some test files were improperly formatted (minor bug fix).

=== 0.2.7 / 2009-3-30
* Bug Fixes
  * Fixed some bugs which caused rubypython to be unable to determine python
    version correctly.

=== 0.2.6 / 2009-3-19
* Bug Fixes
  * Further updates to increase compatibility with 1.9.

=== 0.2.5 / 2009-3-18
* Bug Fixes
  * Updated to build and run under Ruby 1.9.

=== 0.2.4 / 2008-10-24
* Major Enhancements
  * Provided setter methods for object attributes. Python object attributes can
    now be set from within ruby.
  * Made wrapper classes a subclass of custom made blank object class to try to
    avoid name collisions.
* Bug Fix
  * Changed part of extconf.rb file that would not work under windows.

=== 0.2.3 / 2008-08-29
* 2 Major Enhancements
  * Introduced PyMain object as a singleton wrapper for the Python __main__ and
    __builtin__ modules.
  * Introduced block functionality for PyMain object.
* Compatibility Updates
  * Changed some declarations in the C code to make RubyPython more compatible
    with the style conventions of the Ruby C API.
  * Update how RubyPython locates the Python headers and library.
* 1 Bug Fix
  * Fixed an error in ptor.c that might have prevented RubyPython from building
    correctly on certain systems.

=== 0.2.2 / 2008-08-07
* Major Enhancements
  * Wrapped classes and instances should now behave as expected.
  * Gave RubyPyClasses a "new" method for creating instances.
  * Callable class can now be called provided that at least one argument is
    given.
  * A wrapped object's respond_to? method now has some relation to its actual
    methods.
* Bug fixes
  * Fixed bug with inspect method of RubyPyObject that caused a bus error when
    inspecting certain objects

=== 0.2.1 / 2008-08-02
* 1 Bug Fix
  * Incorrect require fixed

=== 0.2.0 / 2008-08-02
* 3 major enhancements
  * RubyPython can now effectively convert or wrap most types from Python.
  * Errors in the Python interpreter are relayed to Ruby errors.
  * Less seg faults by mass.
* Bug Fixes
  * RubyPython.run did not work correctly. This is fixed now.
  * Cleanup in RubyPython.stop fixes some issues in RubyPythonBridge.stop

=== 0.1.0 / 2008-08-01
* A lot of major enhancements
  * Too many to name. Hey I'm still developing

=== 0.0.1 / 2008-07-30
* 1 major enhancement:
  * Initial release
